

                          INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

                                     for

                        zodiac - advanced dns spoofer
                            (not finished yet !)


 0. INTRODUCTION

    this document describes how to install zodiac on unix based systems.
    zodiac is a low level analyzation and spoof tool for the dns protocol.

    zodiac has been compiled successfully on following systems:

      linux 2.0.x with libc5, gcc and the linuxthread thread library
      linux 2.2.x with glibc, egcs
      linux 2.3.x with glibc, egcs
      freebsd 4.0-stable
      ...

    if you managed to compile zodiac without any modifications on another
    system, please tell us. for our email address refer to the readme file.


 1. COMPILATION - REQUIREMENTS

    zodiac is provided at source code level, under a certain license. you have
    to compile it before you can use it. to compile it successfully you need
    to have following libraries installed.

    libncurses       >= 4.0    http://www.freshmeat.net/
    libnet           >= 0.99   http://www.packetfactory.net/libnet/
    libpcap          >= 0.4    ftp://ftp.ee.lbl.gov/
    thread library    = POSIX  http://www.freshmeat.net/
      (libpthread)

    the thread library has to conform to the POSIX IPC standard. you won't
    have any difficulties if you use a libc6 system, for libc5 linux systems
    i recommend the linuxthreads library. if you use more exotic systems,
    like bsd or irix or aix, there is still a way to compile zodiac by using
    a usermode thread library such as the excellent GNU Pth (portable threads)
    library, which is available from freshmeat also.

    the pcap library is a platform independant packet capturing library, that
    is used by many network programs. don't miss to install the man pages and
    the header files also (make install won't do, read the Makefile of
    the libpcap package)

    libnet is a low level, platform independant packet construction library
    that is used by many programs to comfortably create raw packets. read the
    included README file in the libnet package for further instructions how
    to install this library. thanks to route for this piece, but the asn1
    stuff in it is useless ;)

    libncurses is a very portable terminal library that is used within zodiac
    to provide a text based graphical user interface. the ability of ncurses
    to provide virtual terminal windows is used to split the screen into sub-
    windows. libncurses should compile well on any platform, but in most cases
    you don't have to install it, it ships with almost any unix operating
    system.

    you also need a working c library, networking support and a ansi-c conform
    c compiler (gcc/egcs recommended).


 2. COMPILATION - LET'S GO

    first, a point on portability. zodiac was developed on linux only systems.
    we (scut, especially smiler) tried up to be as portable as possible, but
    this haven't been tested on any big endian or bsd system yet, so we
    encourage any user support.

/*  FOR THE FINAL VERSION ONLY
    since zodiac takes advantage of the GNU autoconf/automake packages, you
    normaly just have to start the configure script:

    ./configure

    if it fails, please resolv the problem and run it again. after having
    created a Makefile from the Makefile.in, run the make program:
 */

    make

    if it fails to compile successfully on your system try to resolve the
    problem and tell me why it failed and how you solved it.
    don't come crying that it doesn't compile, just come smiling with a patch
    or a description ;)

/*  NOT YET FINISHED

    after compilation there will be a "zodiac" binary in the current di-
    rectory. if you are the system administrator of the unix system and you
    want to have the program installed system wide you may also want to run:

    make install

    if it's your local hack-shellbox you may want to set the binary suid by
    doing an

    make sinstall
*/

 3. USAGE

    you are not required to have superuser privileges to compile zodiac, but
    you are required superuser privileges to use it. if you don't know what
    this means, please get informed about the whole topic, and then carefully
    ask your system administrator to get kicked out of your cs course =).


 4. CONTACT

    for powerusers, who did a porting patchfile to let zodiac run on a plat-
    form it didn't run before, here is our contact address to send the file
    to:

    scut@nb.in-berlin.de, subject: "zodiac: (<version>) patch - <description"



