
zodiac - development releases

readme file


 1. intention

    in the current version zodiac is not useable for any real dns spoofing,
    it is just a developing release, to get it more portable and to improve
    it's code base. please don't ask us how to spoof this or that.

    the functionality isn't even documented, so you'd have to dig into the
    code to actually get something out of it :-) (which should be fun, since
    i tried to at least document the code hehe)

    but please contact us in any case of the follows:

        1. you got it compiled on any of the non listed plattforms
           -> email us, and tell us how you did it

        2. you found a reproduceable bug
           -> email us, and tell us how to reproduce it

        3. you wrote a patchfile
           -> email it to us, telling is what it does

        4. you have general suggestions
           -> email us


 2. compilation, portability

    i'm sorry i cannot assist you in building zodiac on your platform in the
    current development state, please don't mail us about this, except you
    got it compiled or ported to another platform and you can supply us a
    patchfile.


 3. for developers: getting started

    if you want to participate with quality code or patches, you're welcome.
    here are some little steps how to start exploring the sources:

    first compile zodiac, and run it as superuser. then try some dns stuff
    on another console while having zodiac running (dig, nslookup). watch how
    nicely it decodes (screen) and dumps (file "packets-rawdns") all the dns
    packets on the local network.

    next you may try to explore the sources either from bottom up (packet.c,
    dns.c, dns-build.c and dns-spoof.c in this order), or top down,
    which is the same order reversed.
    if you find the sources interesting, start coding :) (if you aren't into
    dns and tcp/ip and such, recode the ugly gui to some fance oldskewl ansi
    bbs style menue ;-).

    thanks for your interest into zodiac.


 4. contact information

    scut
      irc, efnet, nick: sacbuctd
      email: scut@nb.in-berlin.de
      web: http://teso.scene.at/ (teso is a new and skilled security group, just
             visit our page :-)

    smiler
      email: smiler@tasam.com


