
zylyx - file find
by team teso

readme file (don't blame me for my english)


1. introduction

   zylyx is a multiple purpose http url locator, which is able to find files
   that would be otherwise lost. it tries to find files within the caches of
   http proxies that are  no longer existent on  their original location. to
   do this it spawns a number of  subprocesses which each connect to a proxy
   server and  try to retrieve  the original url.  if the proxy doesn't have
   the file it fails, else the subprocess returns the file location.


2. requirements for compilation

   you need:

     - a ansi conform c compiler (gcc/egcs)        -> www.gnu.org
     - installed posix thread library (libpthread) -> www.freshmeat.net
     - installed s-lang library (libslang)         -> www.s-lang.org

   after installing these, just run

     cd src
     make

   if you still don't get it compiled,  this program wasn't intended for you
   to use.


3. usage

   to use this program you need a list of public http proxy servers, if you
   don't have one, you  may want to get some  from the web.  (hint: you may
   easily find some if you enter  like "public http proxy :3128 :8080" into
   good searching engines like google.com).
   you may want to  validate the list  before you start  using it, by using
   proxy scanners (like "numby", another fine release from teso).

   the proxy  list has  to be  named  "proxy-list"  and has  to be  in your
   current working  directory as you  start zylyx. the format  of the proxy
   list is very simple, i even think carolyn meinel is able to use it:

   <host|ip>:<port>

   mhh... no, she cannot use it.

   now, after prepared the fine list (or just use the included one), try it
   by surfing to one of this lame mp3  chart pages, with this broken links.
   choose a popular  one, and copy the  exact url of the  broken link. then
   run:

   ./zylyx <url>

   enjoy the show of the dots ;-).


4. information

   greets from scut:

    acpizer, avoozl, axhate, blackb, blow, bigblue, crestor, davy, domnar,
    edi, focht, foxfire, fungus, garry, hendy, hoopy, js, kafka, lorian,
    mindtrip, moc, overhead, oxigen, packwahn, plasmoid, random, spy, tb303,
    tis, toniq, typo, vax, waterloo, wilkins, yks, yodler, zap. 


   dream team teso is edi, hendy, oxigen, scut, typo and zap.

   visit us at http://teso.scene.at/

